hi everybody and welcome back to Dave's
kitchen today in this episode we're
making up some chicken curry which is a
dish really popular in many parts of
Southeast Asia in India it contains some
of the ingredients that I really love
such as curry ginger coconut milk etc
it's relatively easy to make I know
you're going to love it
so let's get started what I have here is
some boneless skinless chicken breast
you can use just about any cut you want
I just find these are a little bit
healthier and I'm just going to cut
these into cubes the size is really
entirely up to you but this is about the
size I like next I'm going to add some
cooking oil to a preheated pan add the
onions in followed by the ginger the
garlic
and I'm just going to stir and saute
these for a minute or two just until the
onions begin to turn translucent and
everything becomes fragrant now what I'm
going to do is add in the chicken and
I'm going to stir and fry up for about
six to seven minutes just until it
begins to turn light brown now the
chicken is light brown we're going to
add in the curry powder the hot pepper
flakes some salt a dusting of freshly
ground pepper the freshly chopped
tomatoes and I'm just going to stir and
fry this until the chicken is nicely
coated with the curry and the tomatoes
have begun to turn soft and wilt a
little bit now what I'm going to do is
add in the coconut milk if you want it a
little bit healthier you can always use
yogurt but I love the taste of coconut
milk and of course we're going to give
this a slight stir bring it to a boil
and we're just going to slip a lid over
this and let it simmer over medium low
heat for about thirty minutes after 30
minutes the chicken is fully cooked so
we're going to add in the cilantro and
some lemon juice to balance out the
taste at this point in time you can give
it a taste test and add any additional
spices that you feel it needs and
believe me the smell of curry is filled
the air and it smells absolutely
incredible and you're ready to serve
and here it is our delicious chicken
curry one of my all-time favorites serve
this up over some hot rice or bread for
more details on this recipe visit our
website and if you have something you'd
like to share leave us a comment thanks
for watching and see you next time
you